Name: Jose Martinez Perez
Date: February 9, 2021
Project 2, Planning 

(A)

BODY TEXT

The Body text should be white, it will blend in with the background color too which is Burgundy. In this case, if I use a lighter color, it might be difficult not be the best option since the background is burgundy. In the future, I might change the text color but for now I will keep it as color white.

February 21, 2021
The body and the h1 h2 text color changed to white and font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;.

A div was added as a container which holds the content. And has a lighter background color #952843;

Text 

HEADING TEXT

For the heading Text color, the text will Icy Blue. I think think Icy blue might blend with a background Burgundy color. I did a little bit of research in color blending and I liked this color for the Heading text.

February 23, 2021

Heading text color was changed to white

Added to HEADER 23, 2021 at 12:20pm
Background of  #B36B7D like a light pink.
Font-family: Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;

LINK TEXT

Link text will light gray, but when someone hover on text, it will turn color Olive. I think this will match this will be a good match. SO far I believe I am choosing my colors wisely.

February 21, 2021
Unvisited text color is white, text white, Visited is #70376D, Hover is salmon.
Change the Olive to a light purple. And olive to salmon when hover over the heading (navigation) Link.

February 23, 2021
Text link for Pdf was changed to white unvisited and hover salmon



BACKGROUND

For the back ground color would Burgundy and why I choose this color for the background is because it is one of my favorite colors. It also combines with different color such as blue, and white. Later on when I have the necessary skill, I could probably the colors up. The Hexadecimal cod for Burgundy is #800020

February	 21, 2021 at 4 pm
Added white borders to the content and the images.
Added a lighter pink as a background.

February 23, 2021 at 12:30pm
A container was added that has a width of 950px, color #952843 slightly brighter than burgundy.
Border radios of 20px and overflow is hidden

(B) 

IMAGES LINKS

I have downloaded the images and the sites will be listed here. The images that are used are allowed for non commercial. I have also included one image of myself. 

The following link is for the Microsoft Word log, which will be used as as below the second paragraph in the tech skill part.
https://brandeps.com/logo/M/Microsoft-Excel-02

February	23, 2021
The Microsoft Word image was excluded.

The following link is for the image that will be used to represent 
https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-screen-with-code-4164418/

February 23,2021
Images of electronic project and a screenshot of coding was place in the folder images.

Feb 24, 2020
@ 2pm
Images and log was created and placed in the images folder.
(C) Is submitted as sitemap.jpg document and is the image folder.


(D)

ABOUT ME

Hello my name is Jose Martinez, I have received a Bachelors Degree in Music Education, and I have been working in the Education Field for five years. I have served as an Academic tutor/Music Instructor and assist students with homework and recreational activities such as robotics, painting, ceramics, slime, sports, photography, hiking. I have taught music theory, Piano, brass instruments and an Intro SCRATCH Programming course. I also have a side business in the music music industry, I am a member of small musical group, where I serve as a tubist. As today, I am planning to take Programming in Python and continue taking Web Development classes in Fall 2021. Future goals, I am applying for a Masters in Information Systems in Fall 2021, where I will be focusing on Cloud computing/software development. 


On the other Hand, I am have worked on some coding on Visual Basic such as If Statements which includes IF ELSE, IF ELSEIF ELSE, and nested IFs, Loops such as for, Do while. Basic fundamentals of electronics and hardware components are some of the hands on skills I am currently acquiring. Some of the devices that I have interacted with are multimeters to measure, voltage, resistance, and current. For school projects, I have also worked on basic circuits such as parallel and series circuits using different types of components such as resistors, transistors, NPN,PNP, Photocell, LED, Potentiometer. Regarding to other skills, I am comfortable using word, excel, access, HTMl5 and a bit of CSS. Career wise, I am open to learn more from other web developers, I believe that is the best way to learning how to code. My current goal is to work as a front-end web developer and later on, transition into the back-end.

Feb. 23, 2021 8am
Email and GitHub were excluded from this page 

Text formatted Feb. 23, 2021 12:40pm
Font-family:  Georgia, 'Times New Roman', Times, serif;

PROJECTS

 School projects that I have worked on are the following:
-Breadboard series circuits

February 23, 2021

Added text
In this experiment, a 555 IC was used which is a two-state device. This means that the input in pin 3 can only be HI or LO. In this case, a LED is used turned on and off because of the square pulses emitted by Pin 3 and are called “clock blink pulses.” The LED blinked on and off at a frequency of about one time per second.

-Parellel circuits

CONTACT

I am open to Internships, Apprenticeship, and I am available for work in Southern California.
Feel free to contact me at jmtzperez464@gmail.com

Feb 24, 2021
A form was created. Also in the footer the Git hub was removed.

(E)

1) https://www.tarapixley.com/about

Why do I like about this site?
I really liked the simplicity of this website, it is very easy to navigate through it. I also liked that this person included their social media on the side. The Header was on the Left side, where other webpages's names were displayed un the navigation. I took a look into the coding part, It seems that the list is nested under the nav and in a Div which has a class assigned to pre_text. In this website to footer is with in a div tag on the left side. The main content is a div container and it hold the images and Text.

Why did not like about this website? In the contact page, I didn't like the way how the Email box layout. In the portfolio, under reportage, some of the images are not alight together, I think there is an overflow of couple with images towards the bottom of the page. There are is a bug in the footer, where the social media is displayed, the icons are not perfectly aligned with each other.

2)https://www.seanhalpin.design/wip/

Why do I like about this site?
I liked this website because it the design is very solid. The colors blend with each other. The Header has only 7 different items. It is very easy to navigate through. Overall, this is the type of heading that I would like to see in my portfolio website. The main, contains the pictures and text but mostly a lot cool designs. The footer is has a text that displayed "have an exciting project where you need some help? Send me over a message and let's chat" the chat is in a anchor tag which opens a chat box. Pretty cool website.

Why did not like about this website? 
The only two things that I didn't like about this website is that the profile picture is tilted a side or rotated. It was a little annoyed by that picture. The second this was there was a chat box for which doesn't disappear if you don't refresh the page. It would be Cool, if that chat box can suddenly banished if the user is not typing in the text box.

3)http://www.nathaliejankie.nl

Why do I like about this site?
The first thing that I notice when I scroll at the footer is that this person has her resume in the bottom. I like that she has her resume on the page. Since I am also having my resume on my site this a good example for that. I have decided to put my resume under the second paragraph or and in there heading. The main content was displayed in one page.

Why did not like about this website? 
I did not like that this person has everything on one page,I personally prefer having a heading and in the navigation container have at least three separate pages. Part of the page has also a different background color, I think it would be best to have one background  color. The footer, just had a Link-in page no email, the link in was in the left corner and the on font-size is to small.

(F) wireframe submitted as jpg



G) PDF Resume updated.



